### Increasing Cross Grade Interaction
One problem that I have observed in the library that I believe is a microcosm that pervades the entire school is the division between grades. As a member of the class of 2023, I have observed that our class generally congregates around the computers to the left of the circulation desk. I have also observed that the class of 2022 generally spends most of their time in the library to the desks that are to the right of the circulation desk or in the Senior Lounge. I think the design of the library partially contributes to the division between classes because the Senior Lounge itself inherently separates the seniors from the rest of the grade. However, I think the design is only part of the problem. The problem is more systemic, and I think there is a stigma and a fear among the underclassmen to interact with students in the grades older than them. As a new upperclassman myself, I know that the younger students have nothing to fear from me, but as an underclassman, I couldn't help but be intimidated. Although the division amongst classes may not seem like a huge problem, underclassmen have a lot to gain from interacting with the upperclassmen. In my experiences interacting with older students, I have gotten advice about college, about teachers, about classes, and about clubs. The fact that I was able to have these interactions through clubs and through sports shows that there are some ways for different classes to interact, but I still think the system could be improved. The way this topic connects to our theme of community engagement is that when people interact across grades, they meet different groups of people and learn about different experiences that different people have had at Horace Mann. These interactions allow people to better understand the diversity in our community, which is critical since understanding is the first step to engagement. In order to engage with issues facing our community, people first need to understand those issues and the best way to do that is to increase interaction across grades.
