I chose to focus on the library as an area to make observations because Horace Mann is such a large school with so many people and objects interacting at every moment that in order to thoroughly observe anything I had to hone in on one part of the school. Even the library itself is quite large, and in the course of my exploration, I encountered parts of the library that I hadn't even realized existed there despite spending time in the library pretty much every in person school day for the past two years. The users I encountered were primarily students.  Some activities I encountered the students undertaking were eating snacks, sitting in the nap pods, doing work, studying in the study rooms and at the desks, and just talking to each other. Different environments in the library in which I observed these activities were the study rooms downstairs, the computers next to the library desk, the second floor, the study rooms on the second floor, the desks to the right of the library desk when you enter the library. Some interactions I encountered were students asking Ms. Kazan or Ms. Aponte for textbooks, students printing things from the computer, and students getting snacks from the snack bowl. My observations of the library made me realize how few students appreciate everything that the library has to offer. Often when I get a snack from the desk and take it to the computer area, other students will see the snack and ask where I got it without realizing that there are often snacks put out on the other side of the library desk. I also sometimes hear students complain about how crowded the library is, but after exploring the library in its entirety, I know that that is never the case if you just know where to look. One question I had was if it was possible to make the printing process easier and more efficient. Printing stuff is a critical part of school work at Horace Mann and the library is where students most often go to print things. But students often face long lines and slow computers, so if students want to print something in between classes, it is often impossible. In finding these answers, I worked with Zachary Ludwig and Jacob Silverstein. One thing I struggled with during this lab was my bias towards things that are familiar to me. I tend not to think that things that are common to me are worthy of being observed, but sometimes that is not the case. Another obstacle was that I was doing most of my observations during H period, which is a period when the library is generally more quiet and empty. However, since I have spent so much time in the library, I can draw on all of those past experiences as well. One thing that I learned during this lab was that as Horace Mann students we often don't fully appreciate the resources this school offers us.
